walking up the ramp walking through the
hallway I flashback to when I was a kid
and with the action figures inside
suddenly I had like a big lump in my
throat Brian is too many unexpected
things and taking characters in new
directions individual stories of these
characters are animated made fresh and
new that's what I love about Brian's
approach to the story it's like a real
journey of discovery
is and gentlemen welcome to episode 8
[Music]
first time shooting with mark
presumption with Daisy
first time shooting a Star Wars movie
and we've got some little stuff
sad like a dog whimper Ryan's wonderful
personality is all over this phone he
has flaws in other areas I just don't
know about
there's the weird thing that happens
mines being built and when you first
show up on it here's kind of over about
ropes by at all and then you get into
the nitty-gritty of working on it and
naturally that level of it goes away and
you find yourself just focused on making
a scene work getting the shots and then
once in a while you're taking a little
break and sitting back and you look
around
to get the holy crap mountain again
concentrated work split up by holy craps
[Music]
now the beautiful quite very nice guy